# CurrentAndEmergingTrends
For this project I was given the basic setup of the machine learning model, as well as a couple of methods an objects that created and allowed the agent to interact with the environment such as the maze, the available actions, the play_game() method etc. I created most of the code inside of the qtrain model with a little help from some skeletal psuedocode. I first created episodic training that learned how to solve the maze fairly quickly, but I later learned that the model was not learning as efficiently as it could. I later added batch processing logic to improve how the model learned it's way around the maze.

Computer scientists solve problems relating to and with the help of computers. From working on physical hardware like motherboards, cpu, and ram, to finding ways to move massive amounts of data from one place to the other. There are a lot of different branches and types of computer science but, as the name suggests, computers are at the center of it all. As a computer scientist, I approach problems as logically as I can. I start at the root of the issue and work my way out, trying to identify possible solutions at each step until I find one that fits. To me, my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization are to ensure that I work with honesty and integrity. To make sure that I know what to do if I am ever put on a project that I think might be morally questionable. It is important that we all prioritize doing the right thing.
